Project_2/README.md, before:

Project 2 - Release 2 (v2.2)
================================
**Group:** The RaspberryPi's

**Members:** Jaime Gould, Qinghong Shao, Warren Craft

## Task List:
- [x] **Labelled Syntax:** implemented in v2.1
- [x] **Control Flow Graphs:** implemented in this release
- [x] **Code Generation:** implemented in this release
- [x] **Testing:** completed
- [x] **Performance Evaluation:** completed

## Included in TAR file:
1. Compiler Code (found in `code/`)
2. Example CFGs (`exampleCFGs.pdf`)
3. Virtual RISC-V code (found in `code/examples/compiled/`)
4. Example `.while` files (found in `code/examples/`)

## Test Run Results
| **`.while` program** | **input** | **output** | **expected result** |
| --- | --- | --- | ---- |
|`example1-factorial`|output = 0, x = 5, y = 0, z = 0|output = 120, x = 5, y = 0, z = 120|✅|
|`example1-factorial`|output = 0, x = 20, y = 0, z = 0|output = 2432902008176640000, x = 20, y = 0, z = 2432902008176640000|✅|
|`example6-collatz`|input = 1000, n = 0, output = 0, quot = 0, rem = 0, steps = 0|input = 1000, n = 1, output = 111, quot = 1, rem = 0, steps = 111|✅|
|`example13-fibonacci`|a = 0, b = 0, n = 90, output = 0, t = 0, z = 0|a = 2880067194370816120, b = 4660046610375530309, n = 0, output = 2880067194370816120, t = 4660046610375530309, z = 0|✅|
|`veryveryverysimpleloop`|counter = 1000000000|counter = -1|✅|


## Performance Evaluation
| **`.while` program** | **input** | **v1 run time (sec)** | **v2.2 run time (sec)** |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|`example1-factorial`|5|0.004|0.003|
|`example1-factorial`|20|0.003|0.004|
|`example6-collatz`|1000|0.004|0.004|
|`example13-fibonacci`|90|0.004|0.004|
|`veryveryverysimpleloop`|1000000000|17.186|1.913|

Commit message:

turned CFG back into an over-arching class, started working on live variable analysis

Project_2/README.md, after:

Project 2 - Release 2 (v2.2)
================================
**Group:** The RaspberryPi's

**Members:** Jaime Gould, Qinghong Shao, Warren Craft

## Task List:
- [x] **Labelled Syntax:** implemented in v2.1
- [x] **Control Flow Graphs:** implemented in this release
- [x] **Code Generation:** implemented in this release
- [x] **Testing:** completed
- [x] **Performance Evaluation:** completed
- [ ] **Liveness Analysis Equations:**
- [ ] **Solve LA Equations:**
- [ ] **Apply Results of LA to remove dead code:**

## Included in TAR file:
1. Compiler Code (found in `code/`)
2. Example CFGs (`exampleCFGs.pdf`)
3. Virtual RISC-V code (found in `code/examples/compiled/`)
4. Example `.while` files (found in `code/examples/`)

## Test Run Results
| **`.while` program** | **input** | **output** | **expected result** |
| --- | --- | --- | ---- |
|`example1-factorial`|output = 0, x = 5, y = 0, z = 0|output = 120, x = 5, y = 0, z = 120|✅|
|`example1-factorial`|output = 0, x = 20, y = 0, z = 0|output = 2432902008176640000, x = 20, y = 0, z = 2432902008176640000|✅|
|`example6-collatz`|input = 1000, n = 0, output = 0, quot = 0, rem = 0, steps = 0|input = 1000, n = 1, output = 111, quot = 1, rem = 0, steps = 111|✅|
|`example13-fibonacci`|a = 0, b = 0, n = 90, output = 0, t = 0, z = 0|a = 2880067194370816120, b = 4660046610375530309, n = 0, output = 2880067194370816120, t = 4660046610375530309, z = 0|✅|
|`veryveryverysimpleloop`|counter = 1000000000|counter = -1|✅|


## Performance Evaluation
| **`.while` program** | **input** | **v1 run time (sec)** | **v2.2 run time (sec)** |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|`example1-factorial`|5|0.004|0.003|
|`example1-factorial`|20|0.003|0.004|
|`example6-collatz`|1000|0.004|0.004|
|`example13-fibonacci`|90|0.004|0.004|
|`veryveryverysimpleloop`|1000000000|17.186|1.913|
